Add a roadmap (#1676)
rustls/rustls: ROADMAP.md

# Rustls development roadmap

## Future priorities

In rough order of priority:

* **FIPS Certification for Default Cryptographic Library**.
  Change the default cryptographic library to something with FIPS certification.
  rustls/rustls#1540

* **Comprehensive Performance Benchmarking**.
  Performance should be a headline feature of Rustls. We need to develop a more
  comprehensive benchmarking system so that we can assess and improve performance
  from multiple angles, including CPU usage, latency, and memory usage.

* **Add No-Allocation / Write-Through API**.
  Would make handshakes faster and give the caller more control over allocations.
  RFC: rustls/rustls#1420

* **Support no_std**.
  Enables use of rustls in more memory-constrained environments.
  RFC: rustls/rustls#1399

* **OpenSSL API Compatibility Layer**.
  Add an OpenSSL C API compatibility layer for adoption purposes.

* **Support Encrypted Client Hello**.
  Encrypted Client Hello is an upcoming standard from the TLS WG providing better

>   production for some of the data sent by a client in the initial ClientHello

Reviewer: one typo: "production" -> "protection"
one editorial change: we refer to "Client Hello" earlier, I think we should keep using that consistently (or put the `ClientHello` instance in backticks).
```suggestion
  protection for some of the data sent by a client in the initial Client Hello
```

  message.
  rustls/rustls#508

* **Improve OS Trust Verifier Support**.
  While we currently have a way to trust certificates stored in the platform trust
  store, platform trust stores can have other ways of restricting how/when roots
  that they expose are trusted. In order to rely on these (on Darwin and Windows)

>   we should rely on the platform verifier directly.

Reviewer: Maybe mention Android/iOS in addition to Darwin + Windows? I think saying "MacOS" might also be more informative to a casual reader than Darwin.

Author: replaced with "on Windows, Android, and Apple platforms"

  required.
  rustls/rustls-native-certs#25

* **Additional Performance Optimization**.
  Additional performance optimization including CPU usage, latency, and memory
  usage. The goal is to outperform OpenSSL across the board if we are not already.

* **Support RFC 8879 Certificate Compression**.
  Support for a TLS extension that substantially shrinks certificates (one of the
  largest parts of the TLS handshake), improving handshake latency by decreasing
  bandwidth used.
  rustls/rustls#534

* **Enforce Confidentiality / Integrity Limits**.
  The QUIC use of TLS mandates limited usage of AEAD keys. While TLS 1.3 and 1.2
  do not require this, the same kinds of issues can apply here, and we should
  consider implementing limits for TLS over TCP as well.
  rustls/rustls#755

## Past priorities

Delivered in 0.22:

* **Enable Pluggable Cryptographic Back-ends**.
  Allow plugging in different cryptographic back-ends.
  rustls/rustls#1184

Delivered in 0.21:

* **Support IP Address Certificates**.
  There are some popular use cases where applications want TLS certificates for
  services that don’t have their own host name, relying on the IP address directly

>   instead. I've heard from one customer that this is common in Kubernetes deployments.
>   rustls/rustls#184

Reviewer: editorial: I think the first person narrative here is a bit odd compared to the rest of the document: 
```suggestion
  instead. This is common in Kubernetes deployments.
  rustls/rustls#184
```
